[2.11] Updates developer guide to reflect admin:admin changes (#3493)
opensearch-project/security: DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md

    - "hw-user"
```

### Initializing admin user with custom password

> From 2.11, users can set a custom admin password while running the demo setup. You can do this with one of the following 2 options: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A password is required for the admin account to run the demo setup. You can do this with one of the following 2 options: 
```

1. By setting an environment variable. `export initialAdminPassword=<custom-admin-password>`
2. By adding a single line as password in a file `initialAdminPassword.txt` under `$OPENSEARCH_HOME/config` directory.

> If neither of these are provided, the password defaults to `admin`. However, this will be removed in future releases, and a custom password will be required in order to use demo config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

This would be a 3rd option, which we shouldn't allow, lets remove

Author: I have added this to account for: https://github.com/opensearch-project/security/pull/3490

** https://github.com/opensearch-project/security/issues/1755           **
**************************************************************************
### Success
### Execute this script now on all your nodes and then start all nodes
### OpenSearch Security will be automatically initialized.
### If you like to change the runtime configuration
### change the files in ../../../config/opensearch-security and execute:
"/Users/dchanp/Documents/amazon/testing-playground/test/binaries/opensearch-3.0.0-SNAPSHOT/plugins/opensearch-security/tools/securityadmin.sh" -cd "/Users/dchanp/Documents/amazon/testing-playground/test/binaries/opensearch-3.0.0-SNAPSHOT/config/opensearch-security" -icl -key "/Users/dchanp/Documents/amazon/testing-playground/test/binaries/opensearch-3.0.0-SNAPSHOT/config/kirk-key.pem" -cert "/Users/dchanp/Documents/amazon/testing-playground/test/binaries/opensearch-3.0.0-SNAPSHOT/config/kirk.pem" -cacert "/Users/dchanp/Documents/amazon/testing-playground/test/binaries/opensearch-3.0.0-SNAPSHOT/config/root-ca.pem" -nhnv
### or run ./securityadmin_demo.sh
### To use the Security Plugin ConfigurationGUI

> ### To access your secured cluster open https://<hostname>:<HTTP port> and log in with admin/admin.

Reviewer: Pretty sure this line needs to change too

Author: done
